Updated Kubernetes docs (#2684)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Automating Deployments/using-kubernetes.md

apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: frontend-\{{ service }}
  namespace: \{{ namespace }}
...
```

> Kubernetes templates shall not include a hard-coded *namespace* property in their metadata. Since the namespace is determined and forced by the Deployment Policy Box used to deploy the Instance, the deployment will fail if the template requests a namespace different from the one set with the Policy. The namespace set in the Deployment Policy can be referred with the  `namespace` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes templates shall not include a hard-coded *namespace* property in their metadata. Since the namespace is determined and forced by the Deployment Policy Box used to deploy the Instance, the deployment will fail if the template requests a namespace different from the one set with the Policy. The namespace set in the Deployment Policy can be referred with the `namespace` variable.
```

![Importing Kubernetes templates from a Github repository](../../images/cloud-application-manager/kubernetes/new_template_dialog.png)

> If the URL is a GitHub repository, the files from that directory are automatically imported, provided the filename ends to `.yaml` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the URL is a GitHub repository, the files from that directory are automatically imported, as long as the filename ends with `.yaml` 
```

> There are some example templates to test Kubernetes deployments [in this GitHub repository](https://github.com/DenesPal/cam-examples/tree/master/templates/kubernetes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some sample templates to test Kubernetes deployments in [this GitHub repository](https://github.com/DenesPal/cam-examples/tree/master/templates/kubernetes).
```
